[MUSIC]
>> Michael: We're gonna go through
my solution to this challenge,
at a high level what we're trying to
do is get away from hard coded data.
Let's do some real stuff.
And I'm actually gonna
go to my slide deck.
And you can do this if you're
doing it at home as well.
And I'm just gonna copy some
useful end points here just so
I have them available to me
as I'm building this app.
So this top one is how
to get an organization,
the list of repos, get information
about a repo, get issues on a repo and
get the list of contributors on a repo.
So this is the form of what
I want to ask GitHub for and
it all starts with api.github.com.
All right, so let's jump in.
The first thing I want
to do is get into the,
I want to start with the org actually.
So I'm going to go to the org route,
org.js.
And here I am going to, in the model
hook, I am going to put
a debugger in here just so
we can see what params look like and
the reason it didn't stop is cuz I am
not in this route yet, but
I am gonna drill in and it will freeze.
And what I'm aiming to see here is that
I've got this ID ember.js in here.
And what I want to do is ask GitHub for
that.
>> Michael: And
I'm actually gonna use a ES6
string here and params.id.
Fantastic.
>> Michael: So the whole class
is trying to do that so we got,
are greatly limited on our ip.
I'm just going to add
this private access token
which is a way to
authenticate me to GitHub.
And you can make one of these on your
own in your settings if you wanted to.
But the idea here is I can make
an authenticated request and
we can see we got a content
security policy error here.
But if we look at the network tab,
come on.
>> Michael: If we look at network and
XHR, and
give ourselves a little more room here.
>> Michael: Come on.
An API request was sent out to get
information about the ember-cli org.
And here is all of this information.
Now I mentioned that we wanna
kind of be consistent even,
we're using an opinionated
framework with conventions,
we want to have sort of conventions of
our own and keep things in alignment.
And in this case, I wanna treat
this as the ID of this repo and
not use this numeric id.
And the reason is,
I want my URLs to look nice and
I wanna just be able to pass this object
directly into the link to helper and
have it extract out what
I'm looking to extract.
So, I'm going to use the nice
chaining aspect of promises and
to the end of my get method,
I'm gonna add a then callback.
And I'm gonna just call this rawRepo,
no sorry, rawOrg.
An arrow function.
And I'm going to alter this object.
>> Michael: So I'm backing up
the id in case I need it later.
>> Michael: And
I just need to return rawOrg.
And, effectively,
I've made the API request and
then before the model hook is done,
I massage it.
I make this change and then,
ultimately, return that.
And so this modified object is
what we're gonna end up with in
the org template, and
we can start to put it to use.
So instead of Facebook here, I'm gonna
use that log helper and handle bars.
>> Michael: And we'll look at our console.
>> Michael: All right,
we're logging null here.
We look at why?
[CROSSTALK]
Good catch!
I have to return,
return the promise itself.
>> Speaker 2: Should that [CROSSTALK]
Should that be a .name instead of .login?
>> Michael: I'm using this login here.
I wonder if it has a name.
Let's see.
>> Speaker 2: I thought.
>> Michael: Events, Members, Name.
Let's use name.
There it is,
it looks like it's identical in this case.
Fine with me.
And then in our template we can do.
>> Michael: And voila, we don't
have a hard coded Org name anymore.
And we could even do something like this.
>> Michael: That's an interesting URL.
>> Michael: So
created a link GitHub that's also,
I guess that's taking me to the API here.
There must be a more interesting URL.
>> Michael: That might
also be an API end point.
Well the point here is that
we can start to consume more
on this object than we
initially set out to look at.
Avatar, that's more interesting here,
sweet.
This'll be fun.
>> Michael: So, image, source is,
>> Michael: And.
>> Michael: There we go, we've got.
>> Michael: We've got little icons and
we go back we can look at Microsoft,
we can go back,
this is starting to look interesting.
So we've just bound some data that
came back in our model to this
attribute of source.
And everything kinda works nicely,
all right.
>> Speaker 2: Can you go back
to the org.js file, just for?
>> Michael: Sure, so, here I'm.
>> Michael: Numeric ID and.
>> Michael: Make sense?
>> Speaker 2: I need some
more on that perspective.
Just API slab dot com slash orgs, and
then params, okay I missed that part.
>> Michael: And I'm able to use this
in here because this is the new
ES6 string language
feature that we can use.
All right, so, I'm gonna keep moving here.
Now, we're gonna move to
the list of repos within the org.
And that is here.
So we're in this repos.js
file in routes/org.
>> Michael: Same thing.
>> Michael: Drill in, and
let's look at what prams are.
Nothing, and the reason is that this
particular route does not have a dynamic
segment in its path.
Additionally, we have to go and
get, we need this in order
to build the correct url.
Right, we need the org id.
And I'm just gonna copy this
cuz it will be similar.
>> Michael: So
org ID which I'll fill in later and
close the arrow function.
>> Michael: I'm going to put a debugger
inside of the dot then callback and
then we need an org id, so.
>> Michael: We are going
to use model four org.
And then I'm gonna actually use ember get.
It is similar to this .get which you
can use on an Ember object except
this will also do what you expect
on a plain JavaScript object.
So what we have now,
it doesn't matter if we have,
this will handle both dot id or
dot get id.
It insulates us from which
flavor of object this could be.
So, now if we look at raw.
>> Michael: I don't know what the name
of this function is with the property.
Params, I think we're still stuck.
>> Michael: Okay we got not found and
I probably have the wrong form of URL.
Okay so here's where we're
running into a little trouble.
You can see that in the URL here I'm
using the human-readable name, right?
I don't want capital Ember.js,
I want to use,
>> Michael: login.
>> Michael: And
now we're at our little break point.
Let me try to stretch this out.
>> Michael: Come on.
And so we've got raw org,
this is really not raw org anymore,
it's the list of repos, but you can
see we've got the ember resolver so
we're in the ember CLI org here.
So I wanna change this to raw repos and
then we're gonna have to transform
this array cuz each item in it.
>> Michael: So this is the first one here,
you see we've got the numeric ID again and
we're gonna basically have to
do the same transformation.
So I'm gonna just return the array,
>> Michael: Map.
>> Michael: Sorry,
name should work in this case.
>> Michael: Make doubly sure.
>> Michael: Yep that should be fine,
and then return raw repo.
So this is very similar to what we had
before except in this case we're mapping
over the array to transform each item
instead of just transforming the one.
All right, so now I just have
to actually iterate over it.
>> Michael: Because we're
still hard coded here.
>> Michael: Close the each.
>> Michael: And we'll do repo name.
>> Michael: Repo name.
>> Michael: And these are all of the
repositories in the Ember CLI GitHub org.